Ah Mr. Yang
If your heart is not good for me
I'll get them out right away
I think it's you who should be kicked out
They are my guests personally invited
expensive
Return customer I tell you
Classmate Lin Wenwen is the whole world event today
Most important
The most distinguished guest
You bully him
It's like bullying me
Liu Huilan, Liu Huilan
Did you eat the gall of the ambitious leopard?
Mr. Yang
I don't know. I didn't know they were your guests
I want to perform
I'll settle the bill with you later.
Oh, I'm so sorry, everyone.
I didn't think about it.
Surprised the VIPs
Don't worry.
I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation later.
classmate Lin
This is a championship necklace I ordered to be made of pure gold
Specially tailor-made for you with the shape of a barbell
Give it to you now
I wish you success in advance.
Champion necklace made of pure gold
That's expensive.
I would rather be a turtle from the countryside
Why is Mr. Yang so nice to him?
Is he the one who was shocked?
The champion seed of the four clans